Mogo doesn't die from a car crash. The car dies from a Mogo crash.
When Mogo was born, she told the doctors, "Do not be afraid."
When Mogo installs Windows, Microsoft agrees to her Terms and Conditions.
When Mogo was born, she drove her mom home from the hospital.
On the 7th day, God rested... Mogo took over.
If you want a list of Mogo's enemies, just check the list of extinct species.
The dark is afraid of Mogo.
Mogo can kill two stones with one bird.
Mogo once won a game of Connect Four in three moves.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Mogo.
When Mogo cuts onions, it's the onions that cry.
When Mogo does a pushup, she's pushing the Earth down.
Mogo is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
When COVID-19 infected Mogo, it had to quarantine for 14 days.
Mogo beat the sun in a staring contest.
Mogo doesn't fall, the ground rises up to Mogo.
Mogo doesn't die from cancer, cancer dies from Mogo.
The flu gets a Mogo shot every year.
Mogo doesn't pay taxes, taxes pay Mogo.
Mogo was once bitten by a snake. After an hour of great pain and suffering, the snake died.
Mogo doesn't obey the laws of physics. The laws of physics obey Mogo.
When Mogo was born the doctor asked her to name her parents.
When police officers approach Mogo they say "we have the right to remain silent."
If Mogo was on the Titanic the iceberg would've dodged the ship.
Bigfoot is still hiding because he once saw Mogo walking in the mountains.
When Mogo steps on a lego, the lego cries.
COVID-19 is desperate to develop a vaccine against Mogo.
Mogo narrates Morgan Freeman's life.
Mogo only goes to sleep to let the Earth rest.
After Mogo hits the gym, it needs to shut down for repairs.
Mogo never needs to flush the toilet. She just scares the crap out of it.
Mogo knows Victoria's secret.
Mogo mines Bitcoin with a pen and paper.
Mogo's trash throws itself out.
Mogo eats bullets for breakfast. Better not be around when she burps.
Mogo counted to infinity. Twice.
The government doesn't monitor Mogo. Mogo monitors the government.
